Update slack channels (#1378)
Virtual-Coffee/virtualcoffee.io: src/content/resources/virtual-coffee-handbook/guides-to-virtual-coffee/slack-channels-guide.mdx

### #consulting-and-freelancing

Discuss business aspects of consulting and get support on client issues in this channel.

### #content-creation

Creating content about code, your journey into code, or anything else? This channel is to support, offer feedback, and check out what you’ve created. It can be written, audio, video, or anything else!

**Note:** If you want us to share your content on our X account, you can fill out the form that you can find on the channel's description.

### #cybersecurity

A place to discuss all things related to cybersecurity.

## D

### #design

This channel is for discussing ideas, having conversations, and asking feedback related to design.

### #dev-backend

> Backend shenanigans channel! Node, spring, aspnet, Django, rails, the works!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backend shenanigans channel! Node, Spring, ASP.NET, Django, Ruby on Rails, the works!
```

### #dev-code-challenges

Are you doing LeetCode, Exercism, CodeWars, or another code challenge? This channel is perfect for asking for help and solving coding challenges together with the community!

### #dev-devops-and-cloud

Ask your questions or discuss anything related to DevOps and Cloud development in this channel!

### #dev-frontend

A channel for all things frontend. From bundlers to MDN.

### #dev-fullstack

> This channel is for all your MERN, MEAN, PERN, t3.gg, Spring/Hibernate, ASPNET/Entity, full-stack fun!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This channel is for all your MERN, MEAN, PERN, t3.gg, Spring/Hibernate, ASP.NET/Entity, full-stack fun!
```
